Implement setting value for empty fields in records SN-448 (#20)
saritasa-nest/saritasa-forge-admin: README.md

{
    optionsBuilder.DisableTitleCaseProperties();
});
```

> ## Set value for empty fields in records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set the default value for empty property records.
```

> Users can customize the value for empty fields in records. By default, it will be displayed as "-".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can customize the value used for displaying the empty record values. By default, it will be displayed as "-" (a dash).
```
